[3:47 PM, 3/27/2022] Abhishek: Omg rujula this place is soooo cool!!!! The taxi driver was sooo friendly , itseems he knew PPL in bits also and he gave me his number if I have any problems and all. Everyone is so carefree and relaxed. Hotel room also seems so nice!! It's actually an apartment with 2 bedrooms. And it's actually pretty good for Oyo. The number of times I imagined us staying in a hotel in Goa and  having sex , this room perfectly matches that description. The balcony has this amazing view and also you can see the ocean from afar and some boats. Can you imagine how cool it'd be if me and you actually came here for a few days? A hotel room just for the 2 of us , we can stay in bed all night and go places all day!!! I like how my mind just relaxed by so much after coming here. I'm sure youd feel the same way too . I love you 💕
[6:44 PM, 3/28/2022] Abhishek: Heyyy sweetie 🥰 so my family wanted to go to 2 temples today so we came a little down south to 2 villages. More or less a road trip. I saw a signboard for Hubli and Belagavi too. I instantly thought of you. I also saw how far Davangere is on Google maps. We might actually be closer now geographically. I kinda sorta pretended that we bump into each other somewhere while walking in the temple and then see each other and realise and hold each other ....i made some backstory that you might have visited this place today too cause your family maybe wanted to. Then i thought about road trips and then thought about me and you going on one (sometimes I feel like driving fast hope you're ok with it) . I imagined us duo on a road trip too. Us holding hands on the gear(auto transmission) and then i tell you I love you and we want to kiss but we can't because uk driving so you give me a cheek kiss haha and then a quick real one too. I love you 💋
[9:33 PM, 3/28/2022] Abhishek: Ok so vega there's this lawn in my hotel and i was walking on it and imaging you were there too. Holding hands and walking / cuddling on the grass... I was thinking about us being soulmates, and how you said you know we are soulmates. If i put aside alll the bad stuff in my mind it is very much the case right? I think you're the most beautiful girl in the world and i can imagine us being together forever. I told you about my "work fantasy". I really want us to be soulmates , i can't imagine my life with another girl....unless it's you. At times it feels so perfect. After all these years you actually liking me back.. when I'd have a chilly on you I'd think about how you'd react if i told you . I mean "soo rujula i kind of masturbate on you" . Would you be wierded out? Would you hate me? Have you ever done it thinking about me? Would you like that I do it thinking about you because it's a compliment? And then it turns out you actually have chillies thinking about me!! I guess in a parallel universe we'd be together right now...maybe cuddling up in bed ,. Then years later we get married and settle down into the sunset?. Thats the point of this exercise right shakey? Take a part of your mind and draw a vivid imagination so you don't have to face the painful reality your life has become? I mean right now. If i ask you to stop thinking about this rujula heaven and you go back to your normal life in the hotel , you'd want to destroy something in this room right? Yeah.
[9:51 PM, 3/28/2022] Abhishek: I do love you rujula..... Having feelings for a girl is an emotion I promised i would never have again and then you came along and i fell madly in love with you. I still am 100% in love with you and i don't really intend to stop. My ideal life now would be to have a few friends , study hard to get that dual degree (CS) , make a web3 based TPS play to earn game and whenevr i feel lonely or i miss you , just fantasize about you. My point is i still want to have a crush on you. I like it like that. And then maybe I'd focus on that game and itd have its own crypto toke from which I'd earn money too and with that I would solve my family's problems yayy.  But i don't really want to talk about that. It's too demoralising. I wish I had someone to talk to about it. But heyyy , i have my imaginary rujula 💕. This is turning out to be a lot like Wanda vision. After i tell you what's on my mind , you tell me it's all going to be okay and you're always there with me and I'm strong enough to go through it. And that you do beleive in the fact that I can make a popular P2E game. Then you take my clothes off , and ride me till we both 💦. We both cuddle in silence and realise how lucky we are to have each other and never let go...i really want us to be soulmates. That word is just so strong.....just as strong as my girl!! Working so hard. I love you , and i won't stop 💕
[10:51 AM, 3/29/2022] Abhishek: Heyyy beautiful 😘 good morning.... So today is the day!! I'm excited and scared. So I woke up early after sleeping on the sofa (hopefully I'll be able to sleep anywhere in any temperature and humidity) and made coffee. The thing about making coffee is that now i use an electric kettle to heat water and Nestle everyday milk powder and sugar....yup things were simpler before 😂. I got baked af in my new ethereum mug(i bought it off Amazon) . Then i was reading a lot about ways to improve your mental health and one sequence was wake up work out meditate. So I did some basic exercises (i was shirtless and plugged in) and I felt kinda nice. On a more imaginary note in my fantasy we'd wake up naked in each other's arms in that bed and give each other a ton of lov…
[11:02 AM, 3/29/2022] Abhishek: 2021B5PS1196G
[3:03 PM, 3/29/2022] Abhishek: Hiii rujula virtual hug  so i got into the hostel and this went a lottt more smoothly than i expected!! My roomate is so nice , he's a lot like me. Seems extremely introverted , plays video games , talks less and everything. Our parents met each other too. It's very chill. Also in my hostel DH2 , there's only 10/196 people so I met 2 others from Mumbai and they seem really nice.! Knowing Marathi feels a lot nicer now. So the room is perfectly symmetric there's a cute study table and everything. Also my roommate doesn't play any sports , so we good on that yayy!! I bought a badminton racket though. I wish you were here. In a hypothetical Scene if this room was me and you can you imagine it?? 1 bed would definitely go to waste lol 😂. I think we'd both get rea…
[3:13 PM, 3/29/2022] Abhishek: Sorry I wanted to end the last one with i love you but i sent it off my mistake....stupid me... I guess I can be really stupid at times. But not you....you're the girl of my dreams. I hands down think you are the MOST BEAUTIFUL GIRL in the world. I'm 100% real. Youre perfectly the right height i want so when we hold each other you can put your head down on my chest. You have the sweetest voice (literally) and it's so so so damn sexyyyyy. I could just listen to you forever. Especially listen to you moan 😘. That day in polar bear when we hugged....goddd could have just frozen that moment.. why did it have to end. Then the same day I'm so so sorry I was shy to hug you on the road. I really really should have but i got scared of being judged. If i could go back I'd hold you sooo tight and never let go... In my dreams you're my angel 💕. Lots of kisses😘😘 , i love you to the moon and back
[3:17 PM, 3/29/2022] Abhishek: Alsoooo your WhatsApp status says "a smile is a curve that sets things straight" i always wanted to say "yeah if it's your smile and if it's on my lips"💋 i love you
[12:18 AM, 3/30/2022] Abhishek: Hiiii my sweet ✨ so I went with my gamedev mentor Aman for like a round of the campus and it was really nice!! He's a really nice guy and I met a lot of his friends (2nd year homies) and they actually thought I'm in 2nd year haha, it felt so good. Maybe it's because I was taller than him and kinda well built if you catch my drift ;). So we saw a lot of couples. Every girl here is probably in a relationship. And bits is ok with any and all PDAs so seeing a guy have his arm around a girl and then walking together on lovers lane (one of the roads here) is very common. The couple's don't really bother me, they just make me miss you more. On our polar bear date did I seem distant to you? Cause i just wanted to hold hold hold you that time but i was scared if you only thing of me as a friend. With the aforementioned level of pda I'd have my arm around you in all our pictures for sure!! The couple's here also hold hands. I wish we could have done that on our polar bear date... But that's Bangalore right? It's so calm here for couples...wish i could have taken a walk around with youu....it would be so....freeing.  So then Aman treated me at ice n spice with some Oreo shake and I met more guys and they seemed to like me a little haha. I asked Aman if he's ever dated and he said he's had crushes. I have a crush on you. No wait it's not just a crush. I'm in love with you and as always, i don't intend to stop
[12:25 AM, 3/30/2022] Abhishek: This pillow is small and hard....its harder to pretend that it's you. I still do that. It makes me so happy. I really miss you. Things were so simple back in December right? Boy meets girl , boy falls for girl , boy stays in love and enjoys it... It's so calm , relaxing and fun.. I sincerely hope you're doing good and I hope a little that you miss me
. And know that I do too!! So much. You are so close to me...to my heart. Thats me and you. Moon and vega!! Why do you have to be so far from me , let's just stay in goa me and you. We can drink gamble and have sex 💕
[1:02 PM, 3/30/2022] Abhishek: Good morning lovebug 💕 I hope you slept well. So I did it!!! I slept in the hostel without being a freak yayyy. It was hot and a lizard had come at night. Vedaant was like just leave it be and for the first time in my life , i let a lizard go!! And i was very sleepy by this point. I slept when I last texted you actually. Then itself i dosed off. So I had a little bad and real dreams and woke up a couple of times , but i made it :)......I'm actually proud of myself. I woke up on my own at 5:30 or so in the end. Then  i brushed my teeth , i was like the first one to wake up. Then i set up the whole coffee apparatus - Nescafe , everyday milk powder , cheap sugar , my ethereum mug and the water heater and i made coffee!!! Dope isn't it? I had my cup and then did the same workout i did yesterday. It felt so empowering man.... Also I haven't had a chilly since I came to goa.....so all that energy or urge trapped in me might actually result in something productive. If i do have a chilly now I'm going to explode lol. They say a hot water bath neutralises all sperm so if we were to have sex without a condom we'd have to do that right? And youd have to take meds. Yeah. Okay wow I'm getting an erection. The first one after coming to bits and it's you 💕. I love you more than i can ever explain rationally
[1:10 PM, 3/30/2022] Abhishek: Hiii my Lil angel ✨ so I went to the mess with vedant my roommate for breakfast. He's a quiet guy but I hope I can be good friends with him. Then i also met this guy Varun Iyer. He's a lot into health and he works out too and has a iron clad diet. So he came to my room and ig saw my physique and he asked bro do u go the gym. So I told him I'm getting into self improvement (the wake up work out meditate sequence) and being a better guy mentally and physically. So we went to the supermarket together and bought some fruits and talked a lot. He's a pretty mans kind of man. A bit lean than me. Then i took my first shower at bits goa!! Itw as cold water , that's what I do most days now because of the health benefits ig? More testosterone , more confidence and all that......i guess I want to look good for my girl 💕 that's right , i still call you my girl. It sounds so nice. I think about you a lot when I miss you.
[3:15 PM, 3/30/2022] Abhishek: Me Varun and vedant went to this fake subway called subspot lol. Nice good though . Then we went to mess and ate it there and idek how the topic of girls came but varun asked me "are you into any chicks?" 
 . I didn't know how to answer that. I mean I'm into my chick and youre in Bangalore. So I told them I had a good thing going with a girl in Bangalore. Then vedant said some girl visited him too before he came to bits from Thane. Then varun also like he has some very close (he says it's only friendly) relationship with some girl back home for 3 years. Wow , look at us 3... Every girl here on campus is mostly taken and the part that bugs me is them walking hand in hand with their bfs.....it just reminds me of me and you. Won't it be sweet? For us to just once hold hands in public and walk together? I want that. I love you . I love you so much dude...i miss you.. your sweet smile , your sexy voice and your cute charm....you're the PERFECT girl. We should be together. Yeah i mean it. Me and you should date. We should go out a bit at first , simple dates cuddle a little and hold each other. Then one day we should kiss. It would be so damn surreal. Then we need to go to a place where we have 100% privacy and passion like your room when no one's there. Then we should get naked and hop in bed and keep kissing. Btw my erection would be poking you lol. Then we'd go oral on each other and I'd get you to orgasm. Then I'd get on top of you and thrust in slowly.. we'd both lose our virginity to each other. Then we'd keep kissing and moaning in each other's mouths while I fuck you slowly and deeply. Sometimes well just look into each other's eyes and think about how much we love each other and how perfect this moment is....and how this is how it should have always been and finally we have it. It's not just sex..... we're falling more and more in love with each other. We're letting each other in by trust. We do this for hours , because frankly we don't want to stop. This is what we need. Each other. After a longg time when we can't take it anymore, we orgasm simultaneously screaming  and moaning... For the first 15 seconds we don't even know what has happened because it's so damn intense. our eyes are closed and I'm still on top of you. I finally pull out and we can feel how much we came because of how wet the bed is... Not only that.. my cum is still dripping out of you. We just had sex for the first time. We lie down side my side very close (uk how how the noses  and foreheads touch like before a kiss but lips not really touching) we can feel each other's breath. We hold each other a bit. Mind you we are still at peace from that orgasm. You mumble lightly to me "i love you". I kiss you and say "I love you too". We fall asleep on each other...
[9:38 AM, 3/31/2022] Abhishek: Good morning princess 💕 wait is it ok if I call you that? Too cliche? Doesn't matter to me.. I survived yet another night and i guess the more desperately sleepy you are the less you care about the conditions of sleep. Dinner in mess last night was biryani so i was damn satisfied. My sleep is still very disturbed...i wake up often. Can I ask you something? Do we deserve this? Do I deserve this? Do you deserve this? To not be able to have a relationship? I think we make each other happier and better people right? So me and you dating is good for the universe. Then why isn't it happening? All i know is i love you. It was a 100% real to me and still is. You know if you were in bits we could hold hands and cuddle really anywhere in campus... No one really cares. And then we could go to the library and kiss and i guess do more 💕 i love you..let's listen to some of your voice messages
[6:02 PM, 3/31/2022] Abhishek: Heyyy vega , just had my lunch. I could really get used to mess food it's not really that bad , infact it's good till now. Kind of home cooked. Do you remember when we used to talk about baking? Every time you said you'd bake cookies for me i was the one who would get melted. (Sending this message late sorry) .. so yeah it was so unimaginable for something like that...i mean we were friends and my crush just asked me what she should bake for me!!! I was soo happy. And i was hip deep in jee then so you can understand how much value compliments added to my life. I love you.....I've been falling for you since those days
[8:23 PM, 3/31/2022] Abhishek: Rujula, do you look at the stars or the moon and miss me too? Sometimes I can't stop thinking about you. I love you so much baby....if you were here right now I'd hold you and never let go. Thats how it should be. So I'll tell you a fact.... I haven't had a chilly since i came to goa😶. Honestly I've barely had erections (even that when I thought erotically about you). It's so wierd and not me. So if we have sex right now and you blow me , I'd explode in your face lolll...haha it sounds a little cute actually. My lifestyle is i guess changing a lot. Are you still in a lot of work? Are you free a little now? I really think they are stressing you out too much and I hope you're happy and healthy. And i hope a little that you miss me too....as much as I miss you... When I started this imaginary travel diary i made some rules like I'd talk to you like pre February study. And that I wouldnt share the bad aspects of this trip .... And trust me....there have been a few things that totally demoralised me (related to family). I don't know if i should share it. I love you and i want you to know about my well being so i guess I could tell you a little about the whole family fiasco.... should I? Okay...so basically when i came to goa i was really happy. The relaxed carefree nature and pure happiness. We stayed at a relatively cheaper hotel and i guess it ain't 5star or something. So my dad kept saying he's only here in goa to drop me , nothing else and my mom wants to vacay a bit and he is so rude to everyone and disinterested in everything it's very depressing and sad. I was very excited but on the 2nd day i got very depressed at this. I feel so bad for my mom because she really doesn't deserve this. My dad looks like he is only happy while drinking and it just breaks my heart. You grow up thinking your parents are soulmates nd one day your dad tells you that messed up stuff....and shows it so openly. My grandmother only talks about the past and about what's happening at the temple and blindly follows everything the pandits say which is mostly astrology and the sad part is how misleading it is. I feel like she is living in a fantasy and not able to connect properly with our family. How can she even if my dad gets pissed at everything she says and screams at her? My mother is the innocent victim in all of this. One of my concerns is her health....borderline diabetic , high bp....and all this mental torture , i hope she is happy and healthy back in Bangalore. Thats a summary of it. And it depressed me so much. I wanted to just cry in the shower and not go anywhere.... After coming to bits my exposure to this reduced so I've been a lottt better but i don't want my family to be this way. I love them and want them to be connected and close. But what can I do? I know solving my dad's issue will actually fix most of it. He said that day as i told you that he's tired of working in the corporate world so much and he's burnt out. I want to fix that by having a good income stream in like a year but what should I get into? I have a web3 p2e TPS game idea but it's too raw and I'm not sure how much it will even work out. What else can I do? Sitting here in my room looking for an online business so I can somehow support my family? Is this even viable. I have to try...even if it ruins my health. My family means a lot to me and I'm grateful now. I will do something rujula , you see..
I'll do something and everything will be alright. Fingers crossed. I love you , thanks for listening. This is the point where you would say "i love you" , kiss me and then we'd make love💕
[9:27 PM, 3/31/2022] Abhishek: Just had dinner in the mess. I went with vedant but he ditched me on the way for someone. It's okay I don't mind. So I say alone somewhere and had food. I actually like it. I guess there's something to be grateful for right? Not going to bed hungry? Yeah. i saw some YouTube videos and ate. It wasn't so bad or anything. 9;30 mess closes for dinner so less people were there by the end. Then i saw a couple come in together....taking food together... it's.. okay I'm jealous. I'm jealous we never got to that stage unlike those 2 lucky fools. They can just go public so easily here it's unbelievable. But if you were here you'd sit with me in the mess right? Imagine our dates...and that's just ice cream / coffee. Actually being able to sit with each other openly and having dinner.... Telling each other about our days like we did on call but irl. Okay wait this sequence of thoughts is triggering a repressed memory fuck....sorry I guess I have to go?
[2:13 PM, 4/1/2022] Abhishek: Hiii rujula...I'm sorry I didn't text you in the morning. I just had lunch. I'm trying to think about a lot of stuff and figure it out too. My family is still at the hotel , I wonder how things are going with them and i hope they are really happy. I know they will not tell me if something is wrong so i have to ask more. I just don't want to feel helpless. Should I talk about my true feelings here or use this as a sexy one sided chat between me and you? I guess i could do both? This is a travel diary of some sort , but more like a an insight into how I feel about you and how i want us to be. One word would be soulmates. Are you happy right now? On our calls when I'd hear your sexy voice sometimes i would start paying attention to the tone of your voice , how sweet it is and the level of excitement with which you'd speak to me....i used to imagine you're pouring your heart out because you trust me completely and you want me 💕 god i miss you... I mess every little thing about you that made me fall for you again.....lol remember how u say "blauhahaha" when you have nothing to say??  It's so damn cute... You are. I miss you. If i could live over another day for the rest of my life it would definitely be our polar bear date!! I like how the day went from waking up to getting baked and then showering and trying out conditioner but it making my body slippery lol and then using soap to fix that and finally looking like how i want to and going to polar bear.....then waiting for you and then you came and  hugged me and i didn't know what was happening in that moment the most beautiful girl in the world was in front of me and smiling and omg I got lost in your eyes so many times lol i had to look away to make it seem not wierd. You were looking so perfect and i just could not believe you were there with me. And when you said you wanted to sit beside me ✨. The whole experience , taking photos, seeing you have so much fun with me was so perfect....when you said you don't want to go home and you want to be with me i kept melting .... And then you hugged me again 💕.....damn you make it really hard for me to not fall in love with you haha. Then i went home officially accepted i have feelings for you , had a chilly and slept. It was just me and you that day , me you in our own world 🌎💕 i love you so much
[3:37 PM, 4/1/2022] Abhishek: I was re reading our chats...the biggest throwback session I've ever had i guess..is this an unhealthy obsession i have? To text and imaginary you? Am I using this as a means of coping up with the severity of how much hurt I am because of love?  To make it alone sided deal and make it seem like it's still December? What am I doing.....no seriously what am I doing with my life? Obsess over something , try hard , lose getting emotionally damaged a bit more? I need to fix myself. Then i can fix my family too. A lot of my thought patterns are very destructive. Now look baby.....I've got to work hard for dual degree so everything kinda comes after that.
[9:07 PM, 4/1/2022] Abhishek: Hi vega 💕 you know you'll always be my star right? I love you so much. Me and vedant went on like this walk....we were supposed to meet a guy who bailed later....but we got food at the campus and then also went on another round to the supermarket. So there's this road called lovers lane.... Basically it's where couples can hold hands , hang out and everything. So we used that place and omg... The sky was clear and you could see all the stars , the road was sparsely populated and there was dim lighting ✨. I saw this couple going hand in hand. That should have been us. With all the freedom we can possibly get ... Imagine us on lovers lane. So many spots to make out, cuddle and oh god the beauty of the place. I kinda wish we were both in bits. Its so relaxed here and casual. Bangalore is hell. Bangalore sucks. The people there suck , their mentality, the crappy attitude. Sometimes i feel like I should settle here , not there. In general for me goa>Mumbai>Bangalore. It's sad to say Bangalore is a collection of bad memories for me. In Mumbai life is pretty packed ig and i don't like that soo much but the attitude of people is less "fuck off outsider" and more "hi , welcome to Maharashtra". Then you have goa "hey want a beer"? I love this place so much. I wish you were here. Walking to ice n spice and sharing a chicken puff with my girlfriend and then holding hands on lovers lane and heading back 💕 it's so soothing. I actually told vedant a bit about you ..."the girl i like ... Me and her were crazy about stars and space"...you do know I'm still crazy about you right? Sometimes i imagine you will somehow come to Goa and then here in bits and surprise me. Then we'd hug tight and then start dating for real? Okay shakey this is your imagination , go cray!!! I love you rujula 💕 be mine
[7:43 PM, 4/2/2022] Abhishek: Do you miss me as much as I miss you rujula? Are you free these days? Are you stressed? Is there something I can do to make you happier? My curiosity just keeps rising about you. You told me one day that you would vcall me everyday when I go to bits. I really want to see you.... your smiling face....i miss you so much Baby...why does love have to be so complicated? Just know that I am 100% in love with you and i want you here right now with me... We should be in this room , together. Cuddling, making out , giving each other lovebites , and making love . Are you happy? Are you okay?.....i want to know about you.. i want to know if you feel the same way i feel about you....in real life , not imaginary rujula.. but tomorrow fr I'm going to masturbate. In the shower i will , and it would be seriously explosive right? And the orgasm would be so crazy too , it's intensity would scale up so much. I should go to the mess now , less people will be there.
[8:44 PM, 4/2/2022] Abhishek: Back from mess dinner. I went in early so I can come back and study. I actually got a pretty good business idea... Hopefully it will make enough money to solve all my family problems. Can I tell you something.... I want a life partner. Someone i can confide it 100% without fear of getting hurt and someone who knows everything about me. God i wish you were my life partner. Noo wait.... I wish you ARE my life partner. I wish we actually have a future together where we are happy with each other. But i get it.....I'm needy insecure and just twisted. My mental health must make you hate me so much right? I'm trying to work on it. With my family away atleast i wont be subjected to their toxic behaviours. And i can improve their state. But the other toxic stuff in my mind.. okay i accept i do have thought patterns that are very destructive and what normal people would see as toxic. From my working habits to my relationships with people. There's 3 words i need. Cognitive behavioural therapy. My brain needs to be rewired. The only constant i want in my life is you. But i guess it was too good to be true. I go a lot into your chat and see you're online and wonder are you reading our old chats too? Or are you just talking to other people? Im very curious about you. Have you moved on? Were you enough in love with me to have to move on? Do you miss me? I know this is a one sided travel diary but i want to talk to you right now... Do you remember the first time you told me you loved me? You saw cats cuddling on your terrace and then you had to cut the call but you said "i love you". Then why was it so difficult for me to even accept? Oh dear lord i really need some CBT. I love you...i Really do. On our last call you said you didn't believe it and it broke my heart. I don't want to be alone. I want someone with whom I can share this emotional baggage.
[12:38 PM, 4/3/2022] Abhishek: Heyy lover 💕 so yesterday after dinner i studied a bit and then me and vedant went to our neighbours room, 104 and 4of us vibed. I really like these guys they're so nice and sweet. Then me Varun and vedant went for this walk .... Mostly from lovers lane to the supermarket and back. It was such a nice experience omg....the night was beautiful and i was pretending you are there with me and we are walking hand in hand. I really wish we could do this in bits. I love you so much mwah 💋 mwah 💋 mwah 💋. Then after coming back , i met atishay and he told me he wants to be a youtuber and me vedant atishay and beer hung out till like 3am lol and talked and it was so much fun baby!! It would have been more fun if you were sleeping on my lap but I'll let you figure out the details 😂. But yeah having you asleep on my lap while I can play with your hair...sounds like heaven doesn't it? I love every part of you , you're so irresistible. Then i woke up late but still did my workout and coffee thing. I need to meditate really , could help me a lot. My parents want me to meet some family in Goa today too so I'm going for that as well. Meeting them after long. So in the shower i thought of taking a chilly and so i touched myself a bit and omg this erection might be the biggest I've ever seen. Can you believe it , I haven't had an orgasm since  i came to bits? So if we were to have sex rn it would feel wayy more intimate and real. I didn't finally go through with it in the shower because I kinda want to go forward with this streak. Let's see what happens right? I love you 💖. I was studying physics and you were the only thing on my mind so here I am , talking to my umm crush? More like angel 💕 i love you rujula. Lots of kisses 😘
[12:49 PM, 4/3/2022] Abhishek: Ok seriously fuck physics i can't stop thinking about having sex with you for the first time and you moaning loudly into my mouth as I kiss you and thrust into you deep. You're the only girl i want.....it's all just you.
[3:46 PM, 4/3/2022] Abhishek: Heyyy sweetie, just had lunch. As always i Love mess food!! I've started showing appreciation and being grateful for the stuff i get and i think that has made me a lot more receptive to seeing how much i have. I mean there are seriously people who can't afford to have food or who get bad quality food and can't even support themselves right? And here , I'm getting food!! Rice , dal , lil salad , raita , roti everything on a schedule. I'm very thankful for this stuff and i think it enhances the taste a lot. I also have a new business idea that i want to execute. I told it to the boys (pass - pranav abhishek Shreyas sarth) and they said it's a better idea than the ones we have had already. Sarth was down to help , pranav neutral and Shreyas was criticizing at first and he was giving ashneer grovers example and i said "bro you are not ashneer Grover you are neet dropper" , it was rhyming and funny and we all died laughing .....sadly Shreyas left off 😂, then i said sorry and all later but the point is this is an online location independent business that could really work. And it's kind of about growing other small businesses . I could make like 200 INR profit per day per client so with 10 clients this could work. And that's only for very tiny businesses. For larger ones who want to spend like 2k a day to grow , we could make 500inr per client per day. Sometimes i think about our future... I mean me and you...if we were to live together id do anything for that , and not compromise on anything for your happiness...our happiness. For that matter my family's happiness too. Ok honey I'm going to tell you something I haven't told a lot of people. My dad makes 40lac a year. So in order for him to retire I should earn that minimum or my target was 339.45lac or 3.4cr a year. It's hard but i want to work towards it. It just hurts me deeply that my dad still has to go to a job he doesn't really like much and be in this state. I had a thought of surprising him with a Porsche one day.(cause we had both seen it in 2.5men and liked it). So I'm almost about to meet them...yay.. i love you so much 💕
[12:40 AM, 4/4/2022] Abhishek: Hi babe😘 i went out with my parents to meet some relatives in goa and then also showed my grandmother the campus a bit. So the fam thing was obviously boring and its a road trip so you can expect what my mind was thinking haha.. some scene of us living together and in a happy relationship 💕 i love you so much . As I type this it is 4th April. Do you know what happened on 4th April , you contacted me ... I was wishing on 3 Apr that somehow Ashwin would persuade you to and you finally did contact me. I was happy to have you back in my life. A year back things were pretty different . Me severely depressed over kvpy and Olympiad and in a very bad state. So I guess things worked out for me very well? More or less i suppose. You know it would have been really cool if we were talking atleast till now. Our relationship can be used for case studies  haha... But seriously 4Apr is so special, it's when me and you started. A seed for the tree. Sadly we didn't have any flowers. I still love you with all my heart but i can't help wonder about this stuff deeply. It's just so sad the way things have been progressing for me for a year. I think it would make sense to say the last 365 days were the worst in terms of mental disturbance. And god it's just been so long and it's hard to process. From school to my friends to you. Is this my natural state? Depression? Or does my specific env and situations force this. With repressive factors like my school and parents i was heavily demoralised. Then lonely for 3 months , and then for just some time i feel like I'm doing something constructive with my life and then me and you happens.  I meant to be this way? What am I doing wrong? I work extremely hard for anything i aspire , i give time to things i love and in general I'm not a bad person. Then why did I get all this? Am I doing this to myself?.. is it Bangalore? There was no way i could have ever expected my parents to be that unsupportive for something i studied crazy hard for. There was no way i could have predicted those lonely months. Everything... It's not my fault. But then i still suffer? I talk about breaking this so called pattern but is it even in my control? Let's come up with an explanation for the last 1y. It started out looking up actually , studying hard till bitsat so when did shit actually hit the fan? After bitsat you stopped talking to me , because you had a better life at pes and you didn't need me. My friends just simply ditched me. There was slow torture in my house too. So blame it on the environment? I guess. I'm pretty much innocent in all 3 cases. The people at bits are friendly and warm , my family's current toxic influence isn't there on me and I'm practically free and independent.
[1:13 PM, 4/4/2022] Abhishek: I want a do over for our movie date. It's unfair that your parents didn't allow... I know we were friends then too but still I love you so i think i can call it a date. We would both meet up outside gopalan and hold each other once. 💕 Then we'd again be like "aww i can't believe you're actually in front of me" . I'll know we are just friends but that is a date for me. We'd go upto the theatre and take the sofas. Because no one checks for social distancing i just come off beside you 😂, then I'll be like I'm so glad we are doing this , it's so nice to see you and I'd casually hold your hand (hopefully you won't mind) , idk if you'd be okay with me holding your hand for the whole first part so maybe we'd just stay in contact. The armrest is common i think. At the interval we'd take pictures together and then id take pictures of you also ...we'd be having soo much fun haha...we'd see the rest of the movie and every time a kiss scene comes i guess we'd look at each other? (I think it's a natural reflex) . I would not make a move on you because I'm not a desperate whoremonger and i really like you and care for you. After the movie we'd talk about it a little and I'd be going crazy cause i just saw nwh with my crush. Then we'd wall around the mall but nothing much to do right? They're renovating. So we'd go to taco bel and have something i guess. I don't think we both would be thattt hungry so 1 bell box right? Oh wait so 1 Pepsi, we'd share a straw? God i hope so. We'd talk about the movie and us and in general... Then we'd go outside and just sit on that walls ledge and talk.... Id sit really close to you ;).    We'd take some more pictures maybe record some videos and then it'll be time to go back home :(.      Don't matter , we'd still hug and for a longgg time... Seriously having you in my arms would be the best feeling at the time. Then we'd go back home and still be on a call 💕 yayy.......it'd be the best day ever....one more time. I guess reality can often be disappointing. But I'm still glad I pictured this whole sequence, i love you right?💋
[10:05 PM, 4/4/2022] Abhishek: So it's my birthday in 2.5h... damn i got to say this is pretty sad. Age 16,17,18 and now 19th birthday will also go bad? If we were still talking what would you do for my birthday? I'm sure you had something special in mind 💕 this is kinda hard actually. It is a good time to set resolutions. Who knows what will happen in a year right? I know me and you aren't talking right now but with all my heart i wish that you text me at 12.....no one has....for 4 years. I know I shouldn't expect much from bday but i inadvertently do and then feel lonely and left out. Yeah , i do want you to text me. What are the odds of that happening? That would be predicated on how you feel rn. Are you even thinking of me? I miss you all the time. Do you know the picture where we are close and looking together , i was going to set that as my wallpaper. I remember how i was on 8sep , thinking carefully what I should text , finding the most romantic yet  friendly text and then i said you'll always be the brightest star in my sky. I love you . In scared how the next 24-27 hours will go. Should I just sin up? I've never gotten high on that in Goa. Let's do a half tab equivalent. But side effects? Can't it cause some pretty bad ones?okay fine fuck it... I just want you... We should be spending this day together.
[11:13 PM, 4/4/2022] Abhishek: Very soon now....i don't know what to expect.. i just hope I'm happy. The problem with sin is taking it so late , I'm barely going to stay high for long , it's mostly used up in sleep. I think i should set some goals. Afyer a year , i want to reach 93k a day. No wait... What's 40lac /365,. About 11k a day. So that's the baseline , then i will try to be better and better. This new business idea could really work. Okay I'm sining up. Lets see what happens. If i OD , just know that I love you so much 💕
[1:34 AM, 4/5/2022] Abhishek: Okayyyy so no one my age wished me on WhatsApp till now 😂.... 😭 I really wanted you to wish me. But you can't change reality right? So that's 4 bad birthdays in a row? Well it's bad with respect to Bangalore cause its full of trashy people, but here in paradise i took some boys out!! I'm glad but today's birthday thing is just sad. Thank God i took a sin right? What if my biggest fear is true , what if you forgot it's my birthday? Damn that would suck dick , but i guess you just don't want to wish me. I understand that... I mean we didn't even meet since i told you bits was opening. So how can I expect anything from you
[7:29 PM, 4/5/2022] Abhishek: You know I'm still happy , the guys here at bits made me a cake of chocolate haha... I just wish i could talk to you. I feel like we need some more closure. More specifically i want to show you i love you... On our last call you said you didn't believe i love you... That bugs me. I really do love you and i don't really want to stop. I mean why stop? I felt a real connection with you....and look.. trusting anyone is hard but i trusted you. You're my girl 💕 , we went from friends to close friends to friends who can talk about masterbating lol to friends who kinda like each other to going on a date but calling it a meet-up to confessing feelings to calling each other soulmates... I love you...i really do .... Only you know the things and people I truly care for , like my grandmother... And that's why I feel so connected with you. I do love you. I should text you. Yeah i should. I can send you the whole travel diary  , it has my innermost feelings for you right?? Yesss... But do you want me? What if you have moved on. Oh god no ....i want you to be happy but you moving on from me is so damn scary. So wait how can I send you everything? Umm let's see. I can copy all the text (it'll be a lot) and then put it in a txt file and if I'm not wrong you can host then on a webserver. So wait i can make a section for you on gatdamn.io and give you the link right? Yeah. But again , do you want it? Look i just feel like after a point in time i could have been a lot more loving to you but i wasn't and i want you to know i love you thissss much. Will you be mad at me? It is a lot to read but it's like a huge love letter. I guess i don't expect anything from this , just a little gift to you on my birthday. I hope this only makes you feel loved , that's all I want. I mean tbh I want to spend my life with you but for now this is good 💕
[2:04 PM, 4/6/2022] Abhishek: Baby i had this funny story in my mind lol so i have an asthma attack and you're around so you have to give me mouth to mouth 😂 , unconventional kisses 💋. So im still confused if i should send this whole sequence to you... But i did want to give you a parting gift and i know i didn't offer you all the love i could , because I was scared of being hurt and my trust issues and this is like a 100% testament of my love for you. On my birthday yesterday me and my parents went out and had some dope 🦞. Again I made sure i show my parents my appreciation. I also told them that in 1 year we will all be in a much much better place and that I would pay for dinner. I hope that actually happens because I'm actually going to work really hard for my business agency thing and i did work hard on that yesterday for 2h or so. Itseems my mom cried in the morning yesterday because I'm leaving and all. Then i explained to her that the middle class is a very volatile group and it's very easy to fall down in the social or skill cycle and by Chaos theory things are very unpredictable but being in bits puts me in a very good spot and surviving won't be an issue. I hope they are happy when they go and my mom can finally work on her business. Now it's 6apr and it was kinda sad wrt Bangalore because only vinay wished me. And particularly with anagha and Ashwin it's really sad because I always remember their bdays and wish them so it hurt. Hmm , makes sense they're both in Jain. Oh god i can take anything and say bad stuff... Even vinay actually wished me on 4th April and then i told him 5th was my bday so idek how it counts . I don't mind because I never want to have high expectations for my birthday but i guess subconsciously it still hurts. I thought so much about how you would have felt at 12am....did you think about me? Was i on your mind? I just don't know how you'll react if i actually send you this travel diary . All i know is i miss you a lot and love you and don't want to stop. Okay there's no harm in copying this into a text file right? Fine I'll do it after today's study sequence. It's 2 now I have to go have lunch. Also haven't showered. Then i have to do thermo ,cs , labs and whatnot. Then comes my personal time. So today let's masturbate? The other guys do it a lot. I can try the shower but idk man...so i guess the scene would be us having sex in a hotel room on goa? And because I haven't had a chilly in like a week, i 💦 on your face fully? Don't worry , I'll make you 💦 on my face too haha. I love you. Vedant is sleeping , I'll wake him up and ask if he wants to come to the mess. Bye honey , love you the most
[2:51 PM, 4/6/2022] Abhishek: Okay the problem is .... I don't know if i should have a chilly.....i mean they talk about the health benefits for men not doing it like mental clarity , feeling more alpha and all that and seriously , this is the highest I've gone without having a chilly in my whole life probably in years!!! A lot of videos say that watching porn is seriously bad because you're imagining an alpha male fuck a girl and because you're watching you become the beta and that reduces confidence and whatnot....but that's not exactly how i have a chilly. I mean thinking about us making love and fully connected mentally isn't bad right? Very similar to real sex with you. Then i wash my clothes in the shower so not a lot of time is actually there.... And i take cold showers so idek what effects that has. I want to have sex with you....idk man i guess I'll see after today but for now I won't do it. After finishing my work for today ill see everything related to sex or me and you. Love you , hope you're having a nice day

[5:12 PM, 4/6/2022] Abhishek: God thermo is so fucking boring...and videos don't even load properly..and i miss you. I'm just not sure if this is the right thing. I want to show you how much i do love you and how real everything was to me. But do you want to hear it? I mean yeah everyone wants to be loved but have you moved on? Will you find this to be enough to prove my love for you? I don't know what to do. Am I doing the right thing? Do you think i have moved on? Do you want me to move on? God i hope not...i love you. And i know i didn't show it fully but i do....it was 100% real to me. Thats why I told you i had feelings for you first. Please don't hate me..i love you